Reflection Topic: College Success
College success to me is being able to explain the following questions.

1. How does a computer work?
2. How to make a program that runs fast?
3. How to make a program that can easily run on multiple computers parallelly?
4. How to make a program that can run on a small computer with low power and little memory

I'm a web developer. Even though I have to update my knowledge constantly, the basics behind computing and programming actually haven't changed much for 5 decades. Instead of continuously pursuing superficial knowledge, I want to learn the fundations of the field that will support my professional career throughout my life. Thinking about what kind of knowledge will be demanded in the future in my field, it won't change much that programs have to process big data fast, even though how big is considered to be big will change. If even fast programs cannot process data fast enough with one machine, those programs would have to be ran on multiple machines. On the contrary, some programs don't have to be fast but have to be small enough to be embedded on small devices such as a watch. The questions above are likely to remain relavant in the future too.

This is the reason why I study at this university to major computer science and to acquire systematic knowledge about the questions above. So college sucess means achieving the goal in my case.

As to the strategies I'll use, I'll make sample programs by applying the knowledge I learn in each week after doing assignments. In my case, just reading books doesn't help much. I can learn better by actually getting my hands dirty and trying out. When making a program, I'll use cloud computing services, which allow users to use their computers over the Internet. They make it very easy to test parallell computing and to emulate low spec computers. Plus, since they are on the Internet, I can easily share the program and discuss with other students.

APA Exercise
I chose "Isomorphism -- Mathematics of Programming" by Xinyu LIU. It was published in 2021. I got an electronic copy from "https://www.freetechbooks.com/isomorphism-mathematics-of-programming-t1381.html". The web pages says the publisher of the book is n/a, not applicable. So in-text citation is something like this:

It is regarded as a common programming exercise to write a program for tick-tack-toe game(LIU,2021).

References:
LIU, X. (2021). Isomorphism -- Mathematics of Programming. freetechbooks. Retrieved June 24, 2022, from https://www.freetechbooks.com/.

What is the title of the book?
Who is the author (or who are the authors)?
What year was the book published?
What is the URL of the book?
Who is the publisher of the book?
Using the information from #1-5, write the APA reference for the book you found. The reference goes at the end of your work, after all of your writing is finished.
Now, let's write the in-text citation, to use at the end of a sentence you are writing. In-text citations are always (Author, Year). Using the information from #6, write the APA in-text citation for the book you found.
Refer to the UoPeople APA Tutorials in the LRC for help in APA citations.

This book introduces the mathematics behind computer programming.

Tag(s): Introduction to Computer Programming Mathematics

Publication date: 02 Jul 2021

ISBN-10: n/a

ISBN-13: n/a

Paperback: 323 pages

Views: 2,110

Type: Textbook

Publisher: n/a

License: n/a

Post time: 12 Mar 2022 07:00:00
